ec_deployment: Limit version to 6.6.0 or higher (#179)
elastic/terraform-provider-ec: docs/resources/ec_deployment.md

* `deployment_template_id` - (Required) Deployment template identifier to create the deployment from. See the [full list](https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/cloud/current/ec-regions-templates-instances.html) of regions and deployment templates available in ESS.
* `version` - (Required) Elastic Stack version to use for all the deployment resources.

> ~> Using an Elastic Stack version prior to `6.6.0` is not supported.

Reviewer: I think this is important enough that it should go closer to the beginning. Around line 10 before the note about traffic filters would be good I think!

```suggestion
~> **Note on Elastic Stack versions** Using a version prior to `6.6.0` is not supported.
```

Author: sounds good
